The planners in Taiwan struck me as realistic men. They know that 
they must depend heavily on factors outside their own control. First 
and foremost, they depend on the inhuman idiocies of the Communist regime. 
On these they feel they can rely. Secondly, they depend on America's 
"moral cooperation" when the crucial moment arrives. They 
hope that if history vouchsafes the West another Budapest, we will 
receive the opportunity gladly. I remarked jocularly to the President 
that the future of China would be far more certain if he would invite 
a planeload of selected American Liberals to Quemoy on an odd 
day. He affected (most properly) not to understand my point. But he- 
and all of China- wear the scars of American indecisiveness, and 
he knows what an uncertain ally we are. We have been grand to Formosa 
itself- lots of aid, and, most of the time, a policy of support 
for the offshore islands. But our outlook has been, and continues to 
be, defensive. A great deal depends on the crystallization of Mr& 
Kennedy's views on the world struggle. The Free Chinese know that 
the situation on the Mainland is in flux, and are poised to strike. 
There is not anywhere on the frontiers of freedom a more highly mobilized 
force for liberation. 
The moment of truth is the moment of crisis. During the slow buildup, 
the essence of a policy or a man is concealed under embroidered details, 
fine words, strutting gestures. The crisis burns these suddenly 
away. There the truth is, open to eyes that are willing to look. The 
moment passes. New self-deceiving rags are hurriedly tossed on the too-naked 
bones.   A truth-revealing crisis erupted in Katanga for 
a couple of days this month, to be quickly smothered by the high pressure 
verbal fog that is kept on tap for such emergencies. Before memory, 
too, clouds over, let us make a note or two of what could be seen.

THE MOST BEAUTIFUL bed of pansies I've seen was in a South 
Dakota yard on a sizzling day. Pansies are supposed to like it 
cool, but those great velvety flowers were healthy and perky in the glaring 
sun. I sought out the gardener and asked him what he did to produce 
such beauties in that weather. He seemed puzzled by my question. 
"I just love them", he said.   The more I talked with him, 
the more convinced I became that that was the secret of their riotous 
blooming. Of course his love was expressed in intelligent care. 
He planted the pansy seeds himself, buying them from a pansy specialist. 
These specialists, I learned, have done a great deal of work to 
improve the size and health of the plants and the resulting flowers. Their 
seeds produce vigorous blooming plants half again the size of the 
unimproved strains.   I asked him if he took seeds from his own 
plants. Occasionally, when he had an unusual flower that he wanted 
more of he did; but pansy seeds, he told me, soon "run down". It's 
best to buy them fresh from a dealer who is working to improve them.

His soil was "nothing special", just prairie land, but 
he had harrowed in compost until it was loose, spongy and brown-black. 
I fingered it and had the feeling of adequacy that comes with the 
right texture, tilth and body. It isn't easy to describe it, but every 
gardener knows it when his fingers touch such soil.   Nothing 
is easier to grow from seed than pansies. They germinate quickly, the 
tiny plants appearing in a week, and grow along lustily. It doesn't 
really matter which month of the year you sow them, but they germinate 
best when they have a wide variation of temperature, very warm followed 
by cool in the same 24 hours.   I like to make a seedbed 
right in the open, though many people start them successfully in cold 
frames. Pansies don't have to be coddled; they'd rather have things 
rugged, with only moderate protection on the coldest days. If you 
do use a cold frame be sure that its ventilation is adequate.

For my seedbed I use good garden soil with a little sand added to 
encourage rooting. I dig it, rake it smooth, sow the seeds and wet them 
down with a fog spray. Then I cover the sowing with a board. This 
keeps it cool and moist and protects it from birds. Ants carry away 
the seeds so better be sure that there are no ant hills nearby.

When the first sprinkling of green appears I remove the board. A 
light, porous mulch applied now keeps the roots cool and the soil soft 
during these early days of growth. I like sawdust for this, or hay.

The fact that the Deerstalker 
and the Jet were the only completely new designs this year doesn't 
mean that 1961 didn't see changes in models, actions and calibers. 
Aside from the Ruger carbine, a number of hunting rifles have been 
introduced for the first time. Here are the brands (in alphabetical 
order) and the new models.   Newcomers to the American hunter 
are the Browning group of bolt-action, high-power rifles. They have 
fine ~FN actions and a better-than-average finish on both the metal 
and the stock wood. Barrel weights vary sensibly with the various 
calibers available, and these include the standard bores (about $165) 
plus the Magnums (around $170); the latter include the .264, .300 
~H+H, .338, .375 and .458. Shotgun-type rubber recoil pads are standard 
on all of the Magnums except the .264. Stock designs are excellent 
for use with scopes.   Colt's center-fire 1961 rifles are 
all made with Sako actions, regardless of caliber. The .222's have 
the short action; the .243 and .308, the medium action, and the .270, 
**f and the Magnums, the long action (about $135 for the Standard 
Coltsman and $200 for the Custom version). Previously, ~FN actions 
were used for the larger cartridges.   High standard has 
introduced a .22 auto, the Sport-King, in two grades- field and special 
(less than $45 and just over $45, respectively). It's a streamlined 
rifle, fast and well-made.   Among .22 Magnum Rim-Fire 
rifles, 1961's lone newcomer was the Kodiak Model 260 autoloader 
(around $60). Previously known as Jefferson Arms, Kodiak has given 
this 11-shot hammerless job an exceptionally fine stock design, and the 
260 is the first autoloader to handle .22 Magnum rim-fires.

Marlin 
has made two contributions to the harvest of new offerings. The 
Model 99 (under $45) is a light-weight, streamlined .22 rim-fire auto 
with a tubular magazine that holds 18 Long Rifles. It's extremely 
accurate for an auto, and the test rifle I tried was completely 
trouble-free in functioning. The 989 (about $40) is an even newer .22 
auto, this one with a seven- or 12-shot clip.   Once again the 
Mossberg Targo outfit has appeared, but this time as a bolt-action rifle-shotgun 
combination. The bore is unrifled but is provided with an 
insert tube which is rifled and which, surprisingly, gives pretty fair 
accuracy even though it's only 3-1/2 inches long. You can unscrew 
this tube and replace it with a smoothbore insert for use with .22 shotshells- 
to break the little Targo clay targets. A trap for throwing 
these miniature clays fastens to the barrel so that the shooter can 
throw his own targets. A spring trap for solid mounting and a regular 
hand trap are also available. You can have your choice of a seven-shot 
repeater, the ~340TR (about $40) or a single-shot, the ~320TR 
($10 less).   The Targo is a good outfit for fun shooting 
or for economic wing-shooting practice, but it's tougher than it looks 
to run up a score on the clay birds. They'll travel 50 feet or 
more when thrown from the spring trap but it's almost impossible to 
break one after it passes the 35-foot mark. The combination of thin 
pattern and very tiny pellets makes it necessary to get on the birds, 
right now!   Big Magnum calibers appeared in the Remington line 
for 1961, with the addition of the .375 and .458 to the list of Model 
725's. These are made on special order only, in Kodiak grade 
(about $310), with integral muzzle brakes and heavy rubber recoil pads; 
they weigh around nine pounds.   A shortened version of the 
highly regarded Remington 742 autoloader also appeared in 1961. This 
carbine (under $140, about $15 more for a deluxe grade) has an 18-1/2-inch 
barrel and was obviously inspired by the popularity of last year's 
Model 760 pump with a short-barrel. This design is hard to beat 
for timber hunting or for packing in a saddle scabbard. Presently, 
the ~742C is available in **f.   The latest versions of the famous 
Savage Model 99 are the 99 Featherweight (about $125) and the 
99 Deluxe (under $135), which have a top-tang safety and improved trigger 
design. The replacement of the slide-lock side safety catch will 
make this lever-action favorite more appealing than ever since the new 
safety is easier and faster to operate. 

Consider using vending machines 
rather than subsidized cafeterias. Latest models serve hot meals at reasonable 
prices, and at a profit to you. If a concessionaire runs the 
cafeteria, keep an eye out for quality and price. If the soup tastes 
like dishwater, your employees won't blame the concessionaire. You'll 
take the rap.   Check your cafeteria location to make sure 
it's convenient for most employees. You may save valuable production 
minutes with a change. 

#VACATIONS#

Spread your vacation period 
over the widest possible span of time or shut the plant down for two 
weeks. This will cut the expense of vacation replacements. And with 
the shutdown method there will be no argument as to who gets the choice 
vacation dates.   Also make sure you have reasonable requirements 
as to hours worked before a production employee is entitled to a 
vacation. You might try providing standard vacation time off but make 
the vacation pay depend on the number of hours worked in the previous 
year. 
THE LONG and ever-increasing column of sportsmen is now moving into 
a new era. Modern times have changed the world beyond recognition. 
The early years of the twentieth century seem very far away. But with 
all the changes in philosophy, dress and terrain- a few things remain 
constant, including the devotion of Americans to the great field 
sports, hunting and fishing.   As the generations move on, clothes 
become more suitable for the enjoyment of outdoor sports. Sporting 
firearms change, markedly for the better. Just as modern transportation 
has outmoded the early Studebaker covered wagon, the demand of 
today's sportsmen and women has necessitated changes in their equipment.

The American firearms and ammunition manufacturers through 
diligent research and technical development have replaced the muzzle 
loader and slow-firing single-shot arms with modern fast firing auto-loaders, 
extremely accurate bolt, lever, and slide action firearms. And 
millions of rounds of entirely new and modern small-arms ammunition, 
designed for today's hunting and target shooting.   And due 
to modern resource-use and game management practices, there is still 
game to shoot, even with the ever-expanding encroachment on land and 
water. Present conservation practices regard wildlife, not as an expendable 
natural resource, but as an annual harvest to be sown and also 
reaped. Unlimited game bags are possible and legal in more than 40 states, 
on shooting preserves (one of the newer phases of modern game-management) 
for five and six months each year.   Close to two million 
game birds were harvested on 1,500 commercial and private shooting 
preserves, and on State Game Commission-controlled upland game areas 
during the 1960-61 season. The shooting development program of the 
Sporting Arms and Ammunition Manufacturers' Institute has successfully 
published these facts in all major outdoor magazines, many national 
weeklies and the trade papers.   The most effective way to 
develop more places for more sportsmen to shoot is to encourage properly 
managed shooting preserves. This has been the aim of the director 
of the shooting development program, the New York staff of the Sportsmen's 
Service Bureau, and the ~SAAMI shooting preserve 
field consultants since the start of the program in 1954.   Following 
the kick-off of ~SAAMI's shooting development program 
in 1954, a most interesting meeting took place in Washington, D& C&. 
The group known as the American Association for Health, Physical 
Education, and Recreation (a division of the National Education 
Association) initiated a conference which brought together representatives 
of the National Rifle Association, ~SAAMI and the American 
Fishing Tackle Manufacturers. This meeting was called to 
determine how these groups might cooperate to launch what is known as 
the Outdoor Education Project.   The Outdoor Education Project 
took cognizance of the fact, so often overlooked, that athletic 
activities stressed in most school programs have little or no relationship 
to the physical and mental needs and interests of later life. The 
various team sports assuredly have their place in every school, and 
they are important to proper physical development. But with the exception 
of professional athletes, few contact sports and physical education 
activities in our schools have any carryover in the adult life of 
the average American man or woman.   Following a vigorous campaign 
of interpretation and leadership development by ~OEP director 
Dr& Julian Smith, today thousands of secondary schools, colleges 
and universities have shooting and hunting education in their physical 
education and recreation programs. ~SAAMI's financial support 
since 1955 has contributed to the success of this project in education. 
Personnel assigned through the shooting development program have 
proudly participated in over 53 state and regional workshops, at which 
hundreds of school administrators, teachers, professors, and recreational 
leaders have been introduced to Outdoor Education. Considering 
that the current school-age potential is 23 million youths, the project 
and its message on hunting and shooting education have many more 
to reach.   In 1959 ~SAAMI's shooting development program 
announced a new activity designed to expose thousands of teen-age boys 
and girls to the healthy fun enjoyed through the participation in 
the shooting sports. This program is now nationally known as "Teen 
Hunter Clubs".   Teen Hunter Clubs were initially sponsored 
by affiliated members of the Allied Merchandising Corporation. 
The first program was sponsored by Abraham + Strauss, Hempstead, New 
York, under the direction of Special Events director Jennings 
Dennis. Other pilot programs were conducted by ~A + ~S, Babylon, 
New York; J& L& Hudson, Detroit; Joseph Horne, Pittsburgh.

Other ~THC activities followed, conducted by shopping 
centers, department stores, recreation equipment dealers, radio-~TV 
stations, newspapers, and other organizations interested in the 
need existing to acquaint youngsters with the proper use of sporting 
firearms and the development of correct attitudes and appreciations 
related to hunting and wise use of our natural resources. ~SAAMI's 
field men have served as consultants and/or have participated in 
75 Teen Hunter Club activities which have reached over 40,000 enthusiastic 
young Americans.   Through the efforts of ~SAAMI's 
shooting development program these shooting activities, and many 
others, including assists in the development of public and privately 
financed shooting parks, trap and skeet leagues, rifle and pistol marksmanship 
programs have been promoted, to mention only a few.   The 
continuation and expansion of the shooting development program will 
assure to some degree that national and community leaders will be made 
aware of the ever-growing need for shooting facilities and activities 
for hunting and shooting in answer to public demand. While individual 
sportsmen are aware of this situation, too many of our political, 
social, educational and even religious leaders too often forget it. Help 
is needed from dealers, at the grass-roots level.   The American 
gun and ammunition producers sponsor a successful promotional program 
through their industry trade association. Since ~SAAMI's 
conception in 1926, and more specifically since the adoption of the 
Shooting Development Program in 1954, millions of dollars and promotional 
man-hours have gone into the development of more places to shoot 
for more youths and adults. We trust that you, as a gun and ammunition 
dealer, have benefited through additional sales of equipment.

Mr& Martinelli explained that there should be more than enough 
signatures to assure the scheduling of a vote on the home rule charter 
and possible election of a nine member charter commission within 70 
days. He explained that by law the council must establish procedures 
for a vote on the issue within 60 days after the board of canvassers 
completes its work.   A difference of opinion arose between Mr& 
Martinelli and John P& Bourcier, town solicitor, over the exact 
manner in which the vote is handled. Mr& Martinelli has, in recent 
weeks, been of the opinion that a special town meeting would be called 
for the vote, while Mr& Bourcier said that a special election 
might be called instead.   Mr& Bourcier said that he had consulted 
several Superior Court justices in the last week and received 
opinions favoring both procedures. He assured Mr& Martinelli and 
the council that he would study the correct method and report back to 
the council as soon as possible.   Mr& Martinelli said yesterday 
that the Citizens Group of Johnston will meet again July 24 to 
plan further strategy in the charter movement. He said that the group 
has no candidates for the charter commission in mind at present, but 
that it will undoubtedly endorse candidates when the time comes.

"After inspiring this, I think we should certainly follow through 
on it", he declared. "It has become our responsibility and I 
hope that the Citizens Group will spearhead the movement". 
He said he would not be surprised if some of the more than 30 members 
of the group are interested in running on the required non-partisan 
ballot for posts on the charter commission.   "Our most immediate 
goal is to increase public awareness of the movement", he indicated, 
"and to tell them what this will mean for the town". He expects 
that if the present timetable is followed a vote will be scheduled 
during the last week in September.   Some opposition to the home 
rule movement started to be heard yesterday, with spokesmen for the 
town's insurgent Democratic leadership speaking out against the home 
rule charter in favor of the model municipal league charter. 
Increasing opposition can be expected in coming weeks, it was indicated.

Misunderstanding of the real meaning of a home rule charter 
was cited as a factor which has caused the Citizens Group to obtain 
signatures under what were termed "false pretenses". Several signers 
affixed their names, it was learned, after being told that no tax 
increase would be possible without consent of the General Assembly 
and that a provision could be included in the charter to have the town 
take over the Johnston Sanitary District sewer system.

Action on a new ordinance permitting motorists who plead guilty 
to minor traffic offenses to pay fines at the local police station may 
be taken at Monday's special North Providence Town Council meeting.

Council president Frank SanAntonio said yesterday 
he may ask the council to formally request Town Solicitor Michael A& 
Abatuno to draft the ordinance.   At the last session of the 
General Assembly, the town was authorized to adopt such an ordinance 
as a means of making enforcement of minor offenses more effective. 
Nothing has been done yet to take advantage of the enabling legislation.

At present all offenses must be taken to Sixth District 
Court for disposition. Local police have hesitated to prosecute them 
because of the heavy court costs involved even for the simplest offense. 

As she drove, she thought about her plan. It was really 
quite simple. So simple, in fact, that it might even work- although 
Pamela, now, in her new frame of mind, was careful not to pretend 
too much assurance. That mistake, she thought, had cost her dearly 
these past few days, and she wanted to avoid falling into any more of 
the traps that the mountain might set for her. She must be cautious 
so as not to alert the scheming forest.   When the station wagon 
drew abreast of the dusty dirt road that led up to the porch of the Culver 
house, Pamela turned the wheel, guiding the car to its familiar 
parking spot close to the house, and stopped. All of her movements 
were careful and methodical, partaking of the stealth of a criminal who 
has plotted his felony for months in advance and knows exactly which 
step to take next in the course of the final execution of his crime. 
She locked the ignition, removed the keys, stepped out of the car and 
went into the house. Here, she dropped the keys on a small table beside 
the door and went upstairs to her bedroom.   On her bureau lay 
a small, brass ornament of simple design and faded engraving- an 
object which, Pamela believed now, had been the property of her 
great-grandfather, 
Major Hiram Munroe Culver. He had belonged to this 
land and, perhaps, had desecrated it- and this was the only material 
symbol that remained of him. If she, Pamela, were being held responsible 
for his crimes, then hers must be the final act of expiation. She 
would return this symbol to the mountain, as one pours seed back into 
the soil every Spring **h or as ancient fertility cults demand annual 
human sacrifice.   Slowly and thoughtfully, she slipped the 
ornament into the pocket of her slacks, moved down the stairs and out 
of the house. There was only one place where the mountain might receive 
her- that unnamed, unnameable pool harbored in its secret bosom. 
Atonement, if atonement were possible, could only be made at that sacred, 
sacrificial basin. It was there that she would have to enact her 
renunciation, beg forgiveness.   Perhaps it was insane, Pamela 
thought. Perhaps it was all a vividly conceived dream. But she was 
caught in it, and she faced the terrible possibility that, if it were 
a dream, it was one from which she might never awaken.   Facing 
the forest now, she who had not dared to enter it before, walked between 
two trees at random and headed in what she believed was the direction 
of the pool. She remembered little of her previous journey there with 
Grace, and she could but hope that her dedication to her mission 
would enable her to accomplish it.   The forest was open and freely 
welcoming, extending an enchanted hand. The ground was covered with 
soft pine needles and the slope was gentle. Birds chirped and chattered 
in the trees and the sun, all dewy-eyed and soft, caressed her shoulders 
warmly from time to time. It was not, thought Pamela, such 
an evil place after all. No wonder Melissa responded so completely to 
its beckoning.   Perhaps she had no reason to fear these trees 
that whispered their secrets above her head as she passed. Was it not 
possible, after all, that the forest was in league with her and her 
child **h that its sympathy lay with the Culvers **h that she had erred 
in failing to understand this?   Pamela felt calm and peaceful 
as she walked along. The slight flutter that had disturbed the motion 
of her heart when she entered the forest was gone now, and even the 
dim groves of trees through which she occasionally passed did not reawaken 
her fear. She regarded them as signs that she was nearing the 
glen she sought, and she was glad to at last be doing something positive 
in her unenunciated, undefined struggle with the mountain and its 
darkling inhabitants.   Having persisted too long in deliberate 
ignorance and denial of the forces that threatened her, Pamela was relieved 
now to admit their potency and to be taking definite steps toward 
grappling with them. A few days ago, she would have thought such an 
expedition as this utterly ridiculous; today, on the contrary, it 
seemed utterly reasonable.   She did not pause to consider what 
she would do if her plan should fail; she directed all of her mental 
and physical energy toward achieving this one goal. If, as she walked, 
her steps fumbled from time to time, she chose to ignore that omen. 
If the slope grew steeper and the groves more dim, she tried not to 
heed. Success depended upon maintaining her equanimity; she must be 
poised and proud and unafraid in order to prove to the mountain that 
she was in earnest.   The forest took on an impersonal aspect. 
It did not care what sort of person prowled its woods, plucked at its 
bark or stripped the berries from its bushes. Unconcerned, indifferent, 
unmotivated, the forest was simply there- fighting man's depredations 
with more abundant growth and man's follies with its own musical 
evening laughter. Red man or white man, pacifist or killer, the 
forest would accept them all- knowing that it could thrive equally 
well on slaughter and beneficence; knowing that its ageless mass would 
always dwarf the short span of time allotted to any man.   Pamela 
shook her head. She must not think about time. That was another 
one of those traps.   In her grim pursuit of tranquillity, Pamela 
focused her thoughts on her husband. If, when this was all over, she 
found the words to tell him about it, she wondered if he would ever 
understand. How could he comprehend her need when he himself was innocent? 
Indian ghosts would not impinge upon his nights, nor would his 
days be haunted by the dimly-outlined, ill-conceived figure of her 
benighted ancestor. His bright, daylight mind would whistle away such 
images; they would not dare to face his scoffing.   Pamela was 
glad Jim was nowhere near. His presence would have interfered with 
her duty.   The mountainside grew steeper and she slipped once 
or twice on the smooth pine needles. The trees huddled more closely together, 
their limbs and leaves intertwined in a coarse curtain against 
the sun. Bushes and vines abetted the rocks in forming thorny detours 
for the 
struggling stranger, and without the direct light of the sun to 
act as compass, Pamela could no longer be positive of her direction.

Containerization is a lightweight alternative to full machine virtualization that involves encapsulating an application in a container with its own operating environment. This provides many of the benefits of loading an application onto a virtual machine, as the application can be run on any suitable physical machine without any worries about dependencies.

Containerization has gained recent prominence with the open-source Docker. Docker containers are designed to run on everything from physical computers to virtual machines, bare-metal servers, OpenStack cloud clusters, public instances and more.

I CALLED the other afternoon on my old friend, Graves Moreland, 
the Anglo-American literary critic- his mother was born in 
Ohio- who lives alone in a fairy-tale cottage on the Upson Downs, 
raising hell and peacocks, the former only when the venerable gentleman 
becomes an angry old man about the state of literature or something 
else that is dwindling and diminishing, such as human stature, hope, 
and humor.   My unscientific friend does not believe that human 
stature is measurable in terms of speed, momentum, weightlessness, or 
distance from earth, but is a matter of the development of the human 
mind. After Gagarin became the Greatest Man in the World, for a 
nation that does not believe in the cult of personality or in careerism, 
Moreland wrote me a letter in which he said: "I am not interested 
in how long a bee can live in a vacuum, or how far it can fly. A 
bee's place is in the hive".   "I have come to talk with 
you about the future of humor and comedy", I told him, at which he 
started slightly, and then made us each a stiff drink, with a trembling 
hand.   "I seem to remember", he said, "that in an interview 
ten years ago you gave humor and comedy five years to live. Did 
you go to their funeral"?   "I was wrong", I admitted. 
"Comedy didn't die, it just went crazy. It has identified itself 
with the very tension and terror it once did so much to alleviate. We 
now have not only what has been called over here the comedy of menace 
but we also have horror jokes, magazines known as Horror Comics, 
and sick comedians. There are even publications called <Sick> and 
<Mad>. The <Zeitgeist> is not crazy as a loon or mad as a March 
hare; it is manic as a man".   "I woke up this morning", 
Moreland said, "paraphrasing Lewis Carroll. Do you want to hear 
the paraphrase"?   "Can I bear it"? I asked, taking 
a final gulp of my drink, and handing him the empty glass. 
"Just barely", he said, and repeated his paraphrase: "The 
time has come", the walrus said, "To speak of manic things, 
Of shots and shouts, and sealing dooms Of commoners and kings".
